feat: add search function docs (#749)
datafuselabs/databend-docs: docs/en/sql-reference/10-sql-commands/00-ddl/17-inverted-index/create-inverted-index.md

### IndexOptions

`IndexOptions` specifying the TOKENIZER

```sql
IndexOptions ::=
  TOKENIZER = 'english' | 'chinese'
  FILTERS = 'english_stop' | 'english_stemmer' | 'chinese_stop'
  INDEX_RECORED = 'basic' | 'freq' | 'position'
```

TOKENIZER specifying how texts are split for indexing. Supports `english` (default) and `chinese` tokenizers.

FILTERS specifies filtering rules for terms, including the following:

1. `english_stop` remove English stop words, like "a", "an", "and", etc.
2. `english_stemmer` maps different forms of the same word to a common word. For example, "walking" and "walked" will be mapped to "walk".
3. `chinese_stop` remove Chinese stop words, currently only support remove Chinese punctuations.

In addition to these filters, a lowercase filter is added by default to convert words to lowercase.

INDEX_RECORED is used to define the storage format of index data and supports `basic`, `freq` and `position` (default).

1. `basic`: only stores `DocId`, takes up minimal space, but can't search for phrase terms, like `"brown fox"`.
2. `freq`: store `DocId` and term frequency, takes up medium space, and also can't search for phrase terms, but can give better scoring.

> 3. `position`: store `DocId`, term frequency, and positions, take up most space, have better scoring, and can search for phrase terms.

Reviewer: Can you organize the parameters all above in syntax into a table (Parameter, Description)? and change the verbs whenever needed, for example, store > stores.  
Better explaining what is **better scoring** here?

| `<index>`              | The name of the inverted index to be created.                                                                                                             |
| `[<database>.]<table>` | The name of the database and table containing the columns for which the index will be created.                                                            |
| `<column>`             | The name of the column(s) to be included in the index. Multiple indexes can be created for the same table, but each column must be unique across indexes. |

> | `<IndexOptions>`       | Optional index options specifying how inverted index is build.                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `<IndexOptions>`       | Optional index options specifying how the inverted index is built.                                                                                            |
```

### IndexOptions

> `IndexOptions` specifying the TOKENIZER

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies how the inverted index is built.
```

```sql
IndexOptions ::=
  TOKENIZER = 'english' | 'chinese'
  FILTERS = 'english_stop' | 'english_stemmer' | 'chinese_stop'
  INDEX_RECORD = 'basic' | 'freq' | 'position'
```

> `TOKENIZER` specifying how texts are split for indexing. Supports `english` (default) and `chinese` tokenizers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TOKENIZER` specifies how texts are split for indexing. This supports `english` (default) and `chinese` tokenizers.
```

`FILTERS` specifies filtering rules for terms, including the following:

> | Parameter.        | Description                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Parameter         | Description                                                                                                             |
```
